Add docs about working with submariner (#737)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/working-with-submariner.md

# Use Submariner to connect the network between Karmada member clusters

> Karmada requires users to connect the network between member clusters. This document uses an example to demonstrate how to use the `Submariner` to connect the network between member clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document uses an example to demonstrate how to use the `Submariner` to connect the network between member clusters.
```

[Submariner](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner) flattens the networks between the connected clusters, and enables IP reachability between Pods and Services.

## Install Karmada

Install Karmada by following the steps [Install karmada control plane](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#install-karmada-control-plane) and [Join member cluster](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#join-member-cluster) in Quick Start. Ensure that at least two member clusters are joined to the Karmada.

> In this example, we have joined two member clusters to the Karmada:

Reviewer: Out of date now.

```
# kubectl get clusters
NAME      VERSION   MODE   READY   AGE
member1   v1.21.1   Push   True    16s
member2   v1.21.1   Push   True    5s
```

## Deploy Submariner

> We deploy Submariner using Submariner's `subctl` helper CLI utility, as the recommended deployment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are going to deploy `Submariner` componnets on the `host cluster` and `member clusters` by using the `subctl` CLI as it's the recommended deployment method according to [Submariner official documentation](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner/tree/b4625514061c1d85c10432a78ca0ad46e679367a#installation).
```

`Submariner` uses a central Broker component to facilitate the exchange of metadata information between Gateway Engines deployed in participating clusters. The Broker must be deployed on a single Kubernetes cluster. This cluster’s API server must be reachable by all Kubernetes clusters connected by Submariner, therefore, we deployed it on the karmada-host cluster.

### Install subctl

Please refer to the [Install subctl](https://submariner.io/getting-started/quickstart/kind/#install-subctl)。

### Use karmada-host as Broker

> Note：
>
> The subctl does not support the setting of context. You can run the following command to modify `current-context` of kubeconfig:
>
> ```
> kubectl config use-context karmada-host

> > ```

Reviewer: Now `subctl deploy-broker` supports the `--kubecontext` flag now.
